Refactor metric aggregation section (#4543)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/aggregations/metric/matrix-stats.md

        "count" : 4675,
        "mean" : 75.05542864304839,
        "variance" : 2788.1879749835402,
        "skewness" : 15.812149139924037,
        "kurtosis" : 619.1235507385902,
        "covariance" : {
          "products.base_price" : 846.6489362233166,
          "taxful_total_price" : 2788.1879749835402
        },
        "correlation" : {
          "products.base_price" : 0.8444765264325268,
          "taxful_total_price" : 1.0
        }
      }
    ]
  }
 }
}
```

The following table lists all response fields.

Statistic | Description
:--- | :---
`count` | The number of samples measured.
`mean` | The average value of the field measured from the sample.
`variance` | How far the values of the field measured are spread out from its mean value. The larger the variance, the more it's spread from its mean value.
`skewness` | An asymmetric measure of the distribution of the field's values around the mean.
`kurtosis` | A measure of the tail heaviness of a distribution. As the tail becomes lighter, kurtosis decreases. As the tail becomes heavier, kurtosis increases. To learn about kurtosis, see [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurtosis).

> `covariance` | A measure of the joint variability between two fields. A positive value means their values move in the same direction and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`covariance` | A measure of the joint variability between two fields. A positive value means their values move in the same direction and the other way around.
```
